# dit-doo
Given the last six letters of text, what will the next one be?

There is a [making-of](making-of.md)

```
$ runhaskell dit-doo-cks-012.hs 
A JOURNEY TO THE CENTRE OF THE EARTH

But to rouse at we have knowled by he cried, "unless, and, tapping his fistaring
period.

He seems to combination."

I was all secret, and make nothing through; in my excellent upon somewhere must
be a useful adventures.

It can were passible proof I to communication provincessed wholly oped some
owner, which my adventury--this motion of the important quess, were ofterrible
had summonest truth being discovery; in which, Italian, Greek, and,
afterrectached to determined man; and yet why tall copies, and fives--in vain.
Nothing like a flash of lighted threes, found to his forthy confidents, such as
I delight was hungry, and declared to let us know rarely found inclined and then
taking I had disappointently, rous four o'clock struck the last the dinner?"

"As Shakes the question with goods, fours, and was my beside myself with his
category supply to make the double M, which are comparing would respon him while
value. My uncle being to him. Though he would he hit upon some misplaced my
vision is a Runic--and still to to underful!" he said.

"About the questions, I professor Hardwigg took of Latin. There atore all I
wished to the puzzle and deep attempt to candid opinion when glast apple and
with the air with starved the terrible voice was his god-daughter, anged he may
be imagine him by twelfth century--this monstrous cryptograph?

I had containing room, which are written of the first placed by Odin hat you,
and began.

My uncletters of, Sir Humphabet fell ought foot upon some of man; he invite when
in a joyous and making a certains were was generalogy, and swallow his
discovered to fall interested in tobacco; and yet," he said, taste, and I now
add a magnifying glass was wonderful made sgtssmf unteief nied, tapping his was
a reasor. I wanted air. Mechanically wanderful secret.

My uncle's nose when glancing more tempt to fifty-three vowels. This was
faction, therlandic alphabet for ivy and to make the great doubt this abore
interest in times, and, and it out.

I was bound thirty-two leaves. Like himself.
```
